README.md, before:

# go-iecp5

Note about this repository
- This repository is a fork of https://github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5.
- The original upstream repository has been archived by its author and is no longer maintained.
- The original README contained the following Chinese notice: "已归档, 不再维护, 放弃License. 有需要的可以自由分发". Translation: "Archived, no longer maintained, license abandoned. If needed, you can freely redistribute."

go-iecp5 library for IEC 60870-5 based protocols in pure Go.
The current implementation contains code for IEC 60870-5-104 (protocol over TCP/IP) specifications.



[![Go.Dev reference](https://img.shields.io/badge/go.dev-reference-blue?logo=go&logoColor=white)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5?tab=doc)
[![Tests](https://github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/thinkgos/go-iecp5/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/thinkgos/go-iecp5)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/thinkgos/go-iecp5)](https://github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/raw/master/LICENSE)
[![Tag](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/thinkgos/go-iecp5)](https://github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/tags)
[![Sourcegraph](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/-/badge.svg)](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5?badge)


asdu package: [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/asdu?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/asdu)  
clog package: [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/clog?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/clog)  
cs104 package: [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/cs104?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/cs104)  

## Feature:

- client/server for CS 104 TCP/IP communication
- support for much application layer (except file object) message types,

# Reference
lib60870 C library [lib60870](https://github.com/mz-automation/lib60870)  
lib60870 C library docs [lib60870 doc](https://support.mz-automation.de/doc/lib60870/latest/group__CS104__MASTER.html)

## Donation

If this package helps you a lot, you can support the original author:

**Alipay**

![alipay](https://github.com/thinkgos/thinkgos/blob/master/asserts/alipay.jpg)

**WeChat Pay**

![wxpay](https://github.com/thinkgos/thinkgos/blob/master/asserts/wxpay.jpg)

Commit message:

Update copyright headers to use SPDX MIT license

README.md, after:

# go-iecp5

Note about this repository
- This repository is a fork of https://github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5.
- The original upstream repository has been archived by its author and is no longer maintained.
- The original README contained the following Chinese notice: "已归档, 不再维护, 放弃License. 有需要的可以自由分发". Translation: "Archived, no longer maintained, license abandoned. If needed, you can freely redistribute."

go-iecp5 library for IEC 60870-5 based protocols in pure Go.
The current implementation contains code for IEC 60870-5-104 (protocol over TCP/IP) specifications.



[![Go.Dev reference](https://img.shields.io/badge/go.dev-reference-blue?logo=go&logoColor=white)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5?tab=doc)
[![Tests](https://github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/thinkgos/go-iecp5/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/thinkgos/go-iecp5)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Tag](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/thinkgos/go-iecp5)](https://github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/tags)
[![Sourcegraph](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/-/badge.svg)](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5?badge)


asdu package: [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/asdu?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/asdu)  
clog package: [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/clog?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/clog)  
cs104 package: [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/cs104?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/thinkgos/go-iecp5/cs104)  

## License

This fork adopts the MIT License.

- Background: the original upstream repository (thinkgos/go-iecp5) was archived with the notice: "已归档, 不再维护, 放弃License. 有需要的可以自由分发" ("Archived, no longer maintained, license abandoned. If needed, you can freely redistribute.").
- Change: this fork changes the licensing of the code present here to MIT to simplify reuse and clarify terms.
- Implementation details:
  - All source files include SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT headers.
  - The root LICENSE file contains the full MIT License text.

See the LICENSE file in the repository root for the full text and terms.

## Feature:

- client/server for CS 104 TCP/IP communication
- support for much application layer (except file object) message types,

# Reference
lib60870 C library [lib60870](https://github.com/mz-automation/lib60870)  
lib60870 C library docs [lib60870 doc](https://support.mz-automation.de/doc/lib60870/latest/group__CS104__MASTER.html)

## Donation

If this package helps you a lot, you can support the original author:

**Alipay**

![alipay](https://github.com/thinkgos/thinkgos/blob/master/asserts/alipay.jpg)

**WeChat Pay**

![wxpay](https://github.com/thinkgos/thinkgos/blob/master/asserts/wxpay.jpg)
